hey what's up guys today I'm gonna show
you how to play games from steam in your
computer like all the games you have
from steaming your computer and how to
play them on your your iPhone or mobile
devices so I'm going to show you how to
do that so first you're gonna want to
download time viewer the link is gonna
be under the description you're gonna
want to have your your ID and your
password
obviously I um I don't want you to
control my computer so I wouldn't tell
this to anybody so now let's go see in
my and the mobile device iPhone and then
where it says your TeamViewer ID you're
gonna want to put the ID that I showed
you at where it says your ID
so once you've put that I'm gonna show
you what you got to do next so once you
have put on your ID you're gonna then
put your password and your password is
gonna be the one right here that's word
so once you put your password you're
gonna click OK and then I'll show you
what's next so now you're going to
notice that you have entered it in it's
gonna ask for this just click out click
on and then continue and then as you see
here we have the computer and then you
can move around I see I'm moving the
mouse and the mouse is over there so now
you can click on Steam with your finger
obviously this will this would be much
better would be an iPad I'm gonna do it
with the iPhone so I'm gonna click like
portal 2 mm-hmm and it's gonna start
thinking and it's gonna start working
connecting to steam and basically now
it's gonna think to steam and here we
use the keypad
yeah it's not very good to play with but
it'll still work but yeah definitely
better with the iPad and yeah guys dose
it and see you later